Add release 5.2 post (#157)
PrismLauncher/prismlauncher.org: src/news/release-5.2.md

---
title: Prism Launcher Release 5.2, now available
description: We ran out funny post descriptions
date: 2022-11-15
release_version: 5.2

> minimum_macos_version: 10.14.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minimum_macos_version: 10.15.0
```

Has been like that since 5.0 👀

> mac_signature: cheese

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mac_signature: dfDjRcM5DErN4ZGJ70L7PBV5H0feadC+cKhLnjomV/hjBzh5iUR+aBpXRZMfa1OJ+muf2QpWDLeSUBWFg9LgAg==
```

tags:
  - release
---

Hi there!

We are bringing you Prism Launcher 5.2!
This release mostly includes some boring fixes. In any case we got some cool stuff scheduled for 6.0, so we hope to see you then!

## Changelog

### Changed

- Improve Java compatibility check warning by @ryanccn in #346
- Remove the clear button in the instance settings page's filter edits by @flowln in #445
- Save cache immediately when cleared by @Scrumplex in #406
- Update credits again by @txtsd in #368

### Fixed

> - Better handling for non-latin stuff in the mod updater on WIndows by @flowln in #397

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Windows] Fix mod updater on paths with non-latin characters by @flowln in #397
```

Reviewer 2: i did an oopsie :p

Author: oh I missed the Windows part lol

> - Better handling for non-latin stuff in the mod updater on WIndows by @flowln in #397

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Better handling for non-latin stuff in the mod updater on Windows by @flowln in #397
```

i did an oopsie :p
